oh here's my rain nemesis I've got a da
metro emotions and Paris 180s and some
bushings then for downhill i got the 195
millimeter hanger with some panties the
nemesis has the 32-inch wheel base or a
33-inch I've got it at 32 it's 39 inches
long it has a 1 inch drop at deep tub
concave yeah a cig graphic for downhill
only got about 30 but I haven't written
a mini downhill board this one's pretty
sweet stable haven't gotten any speed
wobbles my friends say is really stable
and it's still maneuverable for free
ride is just amazing that concave is
ridiculous these foot pockets lock you
in like crazy i I've never slid enough
it's just insane also the shark rails on
it that just hold you out so well for
the big stage easy slides freestyle on
this don't even dry is I mean it's like
a vanguard nothing the graphic is a
snake thing with hands going around this
giant dagger ash thanks pretty
sweet-looking it's tattooed into the
board and some people say the scratches
really easily but mine has not scratched
at all and so people say that it's
really not durable
hit it into a what was a mailbox going
like 20 and it just has this tiny little
bit right here can't even see it so far
as pretties pretty durable if you like
to free ride get this board it is so so
sick especially with these wheels is
Metro motions you can slide for so long
it's insane you will never fall off this
board because of this crazy concave is
amazing I'll see you later